---
created-at: "2024-07-14"
---

[[2024-07-13]] - [[2024-07-15]]

# Habits

- [x] Study
- [ ] Reading
- [ ] Running
- [ ] Gym

# Log

## 15:44

My attention is a bit divided lately. I've finished the initial development of the [[Zettelkasten exporter]] and now I feel a bit lost. I want to learn more about Cloud Native stuff and Kubernetes on my home lab, but at the same time I also want to learn more about web design and being a full stack developer with [[Phoenix]]. I need to get some closure on those ideas that are open in my head so I can focus my attention on one thing.

I've been learning a bit about [[Web scraping]] just to explore the idea and to learn more about the available tools. I'm also enjoying a lot writing Python lately, so it's nice to explore another area where it's a good fit for the job.

Plan for closing out those open ideas:

- [x] Write about the [[Homelab]]. What is my goal with it? How is it going?
- [x] Write about the [[Zettelkasten exporter]]. How did I do it? What were the outcomes?
- [ ] What are my short term goals? What do I want to achieve in 3 months?
- [ ] Create an active/maintenance strategy for the areas of my life, like Cal Newport described for managing multiple interests

Honestly, I'm pretty stable with my Homelab. I have my services running and I can debug them when I need. I'd say it's fine to put it in maintenance mode right now. But I need to solidify the knowledge of this project in a note to get some closure.

## 18:02

I want to manage my multiple interests and keep track of all of them. A big part of this is habits. What if there was an habit tracker that looked at your habits from the point of view of areas of your life and goals? I could see what I'm currently focusing on from my habits and adjust as needed. If I want to just maintain something I reduce the frequency, like in training. If I want to focus and develop something I up the frequency. This way I can know better how to allocate my time into the different areas of pursuit. I want to implement a system for this, but I still don't quite know how. Maybe it's time to build up something using pen and paper. Something integrated with my journaling and note taking system would be nice. This is also related with the exploration of new visualizations for that that I've first wrote about in [[Mind maps]].
